New Resource: `azurerm_dev_center_catalog` (#24833)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/dev_center_catalogs.html.markdown

  }
}

resource "azurerm_dev_center_catalog" "example" {
  name                = "example"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.test.name
  dev_center_id       = azurerm_dev_center.test.id
  catalog_type        = "gitHub"
  branch              = "foo"
  path                = ""
  uri                 = "example URI"
  secret_identifier   = "secret"
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of this Dev Center Catalog. Changing this forces a new Dev Center to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group within which this Dev Center Catalog should exist. Changing this forces a new Dev Center to be created.

* `dev_center_id` - (Required) Specifies the Dev Center Id within which this Dev Center Catalog should exist. Changing this forces a new Dev Center Catalog to be created.

* `catalog_type` - (Required) The type of the Dev Center Catalog. Possible values are `gitHub` and `adoGit`.

* `branch` - (Required) The Git branch of the Dev Center Catalog.

* `path` - (Required) The folder where the catalog items can be found inside the repository.

> * `secret_identifier` - (Required) A reference to the Key Vault secret containing a security token to authenticate to a Git repository.

Reviewer: if this is a key vault key should it be
```suggestion
* `key_vault_key_url|id` - (Required) A reference to the Key Vault secret containing a security token to authenticate to a Git repository.
```
